DATE - 09-04-2023 TIME - 12:30AM IST 					DAY ZERO													LOG NO #1
 
So, this is going to be a written log of how I will be trying to quit my PMO. 
This might be handy to everyone who goes through this and also to me to be accountable and tackle this problem in a different way. 
 
Before, I begin I am going to address some things that lead to my addiction.
 
 
discussion about myself
I don't want to make myself public. I don't need to and I don't want to. 
[I wear a mask and that mask, it's not to hide who I am but to create what I am.]
It gives me a sense of freedom to express my own thoughts without all the shit stuff. 
I am male and I am from India. I am currently in my mid 20s and I am pursuing Medicine in my country. I also have a girlfriend who knows about my problem. I live with my parents, and they don't know about this. 
I don't exactly plan on telling them because parents in India are not supportive of this kind of stuff. I am going to work on this on my own along with my girlfriend. 
I think this amount of information is enough to get us started on this journey. Let's skip on to the next section. 
 
my addiction 
STARTING
I don't exactly remember how or when it started but what I do know is that it had been with me since the beginning.
But I do know how it progressed and became the thing it is today. 
 
PROGRESSION
So, in the initial days, I used to look at the magazines/newspapers and used to do the deed. It later because of the internet, I became slowly hooked to the pics of models on the internet, but I was not into the n*de stuff at that time. I still don't know about P until later. 
After the internet became more and more accessible.
I came to know about YouTube where I used to watch some videos that are usually soft stuff. 
The transition as far as I remember happened when I was downloading games from torrent sites which back in the day used to have very offensive ads. That's when I transitioned to stuff I don't even know at that time. 
Then slowly I got to learn about the site names, URLs, etc. and started accessing them once a month like that to watch that shit. 
 
The main thing happened when I changed my school and went to live with my uncle and aunt. They were good to me, but I always felt the loneliness when I stayed there. I was young so I didn't know how to address it, so I used to turn to this whenever I felt lonely, and it started to become more and more frequent like 2-3 times a month. 
It transitioned into addiction when I joined my 11th class in a very popular college. The stress was so intense it used to break people's minds and shatter their dreams. It was totally different and to face the powerful enemy, I had to turn towards dark side. 
Although, it kept me mostly insane for some time I didn't it was just numbing me, and it wasn't a nice way to deal with the problems. 
It finally showed its true form. I used to do it many times a week and my mind became so occupied with it that I can't even concentrate on what's going on in the college. 
I used to keep holidays just to stay in the home and do the deed.
In order to defeat an enemy, I called upon myself a far and more dreaded evil and I have been constantly trying to get out of the clutches for a while now (more on that in the next section). 
So, in the meantime while my "occasional stressbuster" was turning in to a fully blown addiction. I observed some changes that I still don't understand how it got manifested in myself. 
Those things are social anxiety, paranoia, shyness, laziness, absence of motivation, etc. 
Then, after I was unsuccessful in getting something, I wanted after my 12th. I had to take a year gap to try again. Being family's disappointment, that year gap my addiction took a worst form and in order to fulfil the diminishing return. My addiction went to whole another level and started to delve deeper into the horrible things that internet has to offer. Seeing that was the only way I could get the same hit that I previously used to get. 
One day, I was about to do an unimaginable thing that, but I was able to snap out of it and scrapped the whole thing before it took some ugly turn. I was so happy and grateful that I avoided the evil clutches which might have permanently changed my life into something that I can't even imagine. 
Then started the realization that something in me is trying to manipulate me. But, I still didn't quite get what it was. 
Until 2021, I think that was my breaking point. I realized what I was doing and wanted to immediately get out of this. That's when I came across and read multiple articles and videos about this addiction and realized that we are actually living in an "P EPIDEMIC"
 
I realized it was bigger than I thought and I am not alone. There are many people around the globe who are suffering from this and were really trying hard to get out of this rut. 
 
ATTEMPTS AT RECOVERY- 
I will be completely honest with you people because that's how you guys will know how I am trying to come out of this and will also relate to yourselves. 
The 1st attempt that I tried was around 2021, I lasted for a whole 5days, then I relapsed. I know why relapsed. It was because I was just doing cold turkey and not concentrating on the mental aspect. An addiction usually manifests when there are some ignored aspects regarding the mental health. I also relapsed because I was not documenting it properly and I was not doing anything to fill the void that it has left. I used to log in the reddit, but I didn't find it that useful. So, I stopped doing that. 
 
There were 2-3attempts which lasted for 2-3days between my first real attempt and the next successful attempt. 
The 2nd attempt was on 19th Feb 2023, I think this is by far the most successful one because, I was able to pinpoint the problems like concentrating on the documentation and doing things that fill the void of my addiction. It was a 19day streak and I was so happy that I was able to hold it off till that. I was able to observe few changes in the mood and also on how I interact with other people. I felt that my mind was clear, and I was having stronger e*ections during that time. The thing that led to the downfall is that I started drifting away from documenting the stuff and started to ignore my mental aspects. I was so sad and depressed after I did the deed. 
I fell deep in to the pit that I was trying so hard to get out of. 
But
Why do we fall?
So that we can learn to pick ourselves up.
 
This will be another attempt to tackle the devil inside of me and I will keep trying until I quit. 
 
 
MY SETUP AND STRATEGY
So, 
I am planning on documenting the journey from the DAY ZERO on this platform, so that it will be useful and also helpful to the people that are suffering right now from this. I want to make it a habit to post daily about my things, triggers and the factors that are fueling this addiction. 
 
I will be logging in this whenever I have a trigger or the urge. I will also fill in the coping mechanisms that I am trying to take so that it might also help me and you. 
 
#I am planning on walks to clear up my mind whenever I feel anxious. 
#I am also considering learning and complete a foreign language before December. 
#Trying to start a side hustle is also on the things that I am considering doing this year. 
#By the end of the year, I will finish at least 5 books (not a book reader)
#Start studying everyday even it's only 30mins
#Start exercising everyday even it's only 30mins
#Reduce the amount of usage of phone/social media
 
I am going to work this the hard way because I don't want to ignore the emotional and mental aspect of this. So, I am going to face it raw and upfront. 
 
Rules and guidelines-
There are 4 simple rules-
1. Never look/peak into PMO
2. Whenever you have urge, log it down.
3. Never ever ignore the emotional or mental aspect
4. Don't waste time thinking about PMO, just focus on yourself. 
 
I am going to make changes along the way, make sure to stick onto this rollercoaster journey of mine to see more.
